=BCheckbook=

'''Version:''' 0.1.2

'''Author:'''  Bryce Campbell

'''Copyright:''' 2022

'''Description:''' Port of a simple checkbook ledger to Android that can be used to keep track of finances on your computer and on the go without Internet.

'''License:''' See LICENSE

==Notes==

This application was written against Android API level 32, with a current minimum target of Android 11, as it was unable to run on Android 10 or earlier.

===Version History===

<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">0.1.2</dt>
<dd>
<p>Bug fix</p>
<p>fix bug with date picker.</p>
<p>Released August 25, 2022</p>
</dd>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">0.1.1</dt>
<dd>
<p>switch date field to a date picker.</p>
<p>Released August 24, 2022 15:48 PST</p>
</dd>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">0.1</dt>
<dd>
<p>Initial Release</p>
<p>Released August 24, 2022</p>
</dd>
</dl>

===Questions===

<ol>
<li>
<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">The iOS and macOS apps support QIF. Does this application also support QIF?</dt>
<dd>
<p>At present, this is one of the features missing from this app.</p>
<p>Since I have been away from Android programming for many years 
and things have changed, especially if you use Jetpack Compose instead of XML, I am not certain as to how to implement that with the code 
as it is now.</p>
<p>If you would like to help implement that, you are free to help out.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">I am planning to switch to Android. Can I import my data from the iOS or macOS apps?</dt>
<dd>
<p>Yes, you definitely can. This app makes use of a library I made, which I included with the project, with the full intention 
of making it so that Java and Kotlin programmers can read and write the saves from those files.</p>
<p>However, this app, in its current state, will not recognize your files 
because it is not setup to recognize the extension I used for the iOS and macOS apps.</p>
<p>To get around this, change the extension from <strong>bcheck</strong> to <strong>json</strong>. 
Unlike many other file formats, this is safe to do because bcheck files are essentially JSON files.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ol>

For any further questions, check out the <a href="https://github.com/bryceac/BCheckbook">original project</a>.

===Usage===

This application is simple enough to figure out, 
especially now that it has a date picker, starting with version 0.1.1.

====Removing Transactions====

Transactions can be removed/deleted 
by swiping the item from right to left on the ledger screen.

====Searching====

Searching works much the same as the original application, 
so go check the <a href="https://github.com/bryceac/BCheckbook/blob/main/README.mediawiki#Searching_Records">details</a> found there.

=====Exporting Data====

When exporting data, 
it is recommended that you choose a publicly accessible directory, 
such as the Downloads or Documents folder, 
as that will allow you access to the data for use in other applications.

====Importing Data====

Like with exporting, it is recommended 
that you make sure your file is in a publicly accessible location, 
but the app <strong>should</strong> 
be able to select the file from any directory on your phone or device.

===Support===

As I have switched from Android to iOS and 
have no Android device capable of running this application, 
I am kind of limited in what I can do to give support, 
but I will try my best to help as much as possible.

If you need some help, contact me at the address below:

android@brycecampbell.me

===Contributing===

If you are familiar with Android programming and Jetpack Compose, feel free to fork this repo and issue a pull request.

Code submitted will be tested by me before it becomes part of a release.

The main things I need to deal with are as follows:

<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">Get the bcheck extension recognized as a JSON file</dt>
<dd>
<p>This one is kind of new to me in the Android world, but I would like it so that people can select files with the extension 
<strong>bcheck</strong>, so that Mac users do not need to worry about extensions.</p>
<p>This might be as simple as just making the input and output mime types be that of the one used for plain text, 
but I strongly doubt it.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
